It's been over nine years since the tragic
death of Michael Jackson, who left behind
an incredible legacy in the music world.
Jackson left behind Prince Michael Joseph
Jackson (born 1997), Paris-Michael Katherine
Jackson (born 1998), and Prince Michael Jackson
II, also known by the name “Blanket” (born
2002). His eldest two children were born during
Jackson’s marriage to his second wife, Debbie
Rowe, while his youngest son was born to a
surrogate mother. After Jackson’s death,
his mother, Katherine, was granted temporary
guardianship of the children.
Each of the children were left a hefty inheritance,
as reported by Bank Rate and Daily Mail has
reported they get a yearly allowance of $8
million. According to Celebrity Net Worth,
each of the children is worth an estimated
$100 million. Get to know more about each
of the kids and where they are now.
Prince Michael Joseph Jackson.
Michael Joseph Jackson Jr., also known as
"Prince," is the first child of pop star,
now at the age of 21.
Although Debbie Rowe is certain to be Michael
Jr.'s biological mother, who his biological
father is has come in to question. Despite
the public curiosity, Michael Jr. doesn't
understand why the subject is an issue.
"Every time someone asks me that," Prince
says about who his real father is, "I ask,
'What's the point? What difference does it
make?' Specifically to someone who's not involved
in my life. How does that affect your life?
It doesn't change mine," he said in 2017.
In 2013 Michael Jr. made his first foray into
being a media personality. He served as a
guest correspondent for the entertainment
news program Entertainment Tonight. On the
show, Michael Jr. interviewed James Franco,
Zach Braff and director Sam Raimi about their
film Oz the Great and Powerful. He has expressed
an interest in getting more involved in show
business, telling Entertainment Tonight that
"I'm looking to become well-rounded as a producer,
director, screenwriter and actor."
“Music is a big part of my life,” Jackson
said in 2016. “It shaped who I am because
of my family, but I’ve always wanted to
go into production. My dad would ask me what
I wanted to do and my answer was always producing
and directing.”
Jackson graduated from Buckley School, located
in Sherman Oaks, California, in May 2015.
Paris and Prince have often been spotted on
red carpets together in recent years. He is
a student at Loyola Marymount University and
is in a long-term relationship with his girlfriend.
Michael Jackson’s Daughter Paris Jackson.
Paris Jackson has transformed into an “it
girl”, now at the age of 20. She has been
living on the property of her father’s estate
and has even locked down some modeling gigs
with IMG Models. Though she clearly is close
with some of her family members, some of whom
celebrated her 20th birthday with her, she
caught heat for not attending her aunt, Janet
Jackson’s, 2018 Billboard Music Awards performance.
In response to haters, Paris wrote online,
“No one from my mgmt reached out to me about
attending billboards or about the award, and
no one from my family did either. I had absolutely
no idea until y’all spammed with hatred.”
Over the years, Paris has dealt with many
obstacles and issues. She revealed that she
was sexually assaulted at age 14 by an older
man she described as a “complete stranger”.
She was also cyber-bullied and said that all
the turmoil drove her to attempt suicide three
times. Fortunately, she was able to overcome
her depression.
Paris has appeared in several projects. She
was on the show Star and made her film debut
in Gringo in 2018.
Prince Michael Jackson II aka “Blanket”
Jackson.
Prince Michael Jackson II is Michael Jackson's
youngest child, now at the age of 16.
On November 19, 2002, Michael Jackson carried
his then-9-month-old son, Blanket, to the
balcony of a hotel and, unintentionally, alarmed
many when they worried a dangling Blanket
would fall. A towel covered Blanket’s face
at the time. At the time of the incident,
Michael Jackson released the following statement,
“I offer no excuses for what happened. I
got caught up in the excitement of the moment.
I would never intentionally endanger the lives
of my children.”
So, where did the name “Blanket” come
from? Michael Jackson stating that, “It’s
an expression I use with my family and my
employees. “I say, ‘you should blanket
me, you should blanket her with something—meaning,
like, a blanket is a blessing. It’s a way
of us showing our love and caring.” Though
“Blanket” may be a blessing to Michael
Jackson, his son now goes by B.G. or Bigi.
In 2017 grandmother Katherine’s guardianship
of Blanket was turned over to 34-year-old
cousin Tito Joe Jackson, since Katherine is
87 years old. Tito Joe was previously a co-guardian
of all three children.
Blanket Jackson was recently spotted in Los
Angeles and, seriously he has grown since
the last time we saw him.
It appears that Prince Jackson II loves books
as he was photographed while leaving the Barnes
& Noble store near Calabasas recently. Both
Blanket’s grandmother, Katherine Jackson,
and older brother, Michael Joseph Jr., live
in the area.